Second Microservice = Employee_Docker_2 [bonus_points_service]

Business Requirements: The HR department in CompanyXYZ needs to build a system for storing and querying employee data. The data model they described is as follows: Each employee record has a "last name" and a "first name". The maximum number of characters allowed for those fields is 32. Each employee has a date of birth. Each employee has a direct manager (who is also an employee in the company). Each employee has "salary" (a decimal representation) and "department" (string representation) data associated. The system need to contain the following APIs: An API to store an employee data; An API to retrieve the employee data; An API to update employee data; An API to remove an employee from the system; An API to return the following reports: Obtain the employee who has the biggest salary in a given department; Obtain the manager who has the most "direct" employees coordinated by him. Bonus Points: Add another API to bulk upload employees (file upload with a csv, or json containing thousands of employees) Add paging to the employee retrieval API Obtain the top n best paid employees in a given department Return another report: the management tree, from the top CEO down to the lowest employees

Technical Requirements: The system is imagined as a micro-service written in Spring Boot. The persistence should be done using a No-SQL database. Preferably Elasticsearch or MongoDB. Write automated tests for the micro-service. It's up to you to decide what kind of tests you want to write. The project should use gradle as a build tool. (Good to have) Dockerization. Also, the solution should be uploaded to some public git repository (GitHub, etc.)
